makae 360k, got 231.6k take home
only have 40k cash currently
cash in check and saving, does not give any money
buy porsche at 7.9, 50.21974k to pay off
problem is paying the car.


wants to pay in 24 months, and insurance as well


provide 3 options by looking at files.
use 40k, 20k and no cash at all. 
then options on how they can pay in 24m
without affecting their lifestyle.


what is the min months that a person
can pay that loan? according to the loan
policy?

also if prepay early is not beneficial?
if it occur extra rate? or there is a minimum
interest that needed to pay like even if payed
totally today, will need to pay atleast 2 yr of
interest? 

----- to use
Funds Availability
Our policy is to make funds from your deposits available on the first business day after the day we receive
the deposit. Electronic direct deposits are available on the day we receive them. Longer holds may apply
in limited cases.

is the annual yield given?
Annual Percentage Yield
The annual percentage yield reflects the total interest to be paid on a deposit based on the interest rate
and the frequency of compounding for a year, assuming funds remain on deposit for the full term.

Minimum Balance and Fees
Certain accounts require a minimum balance to earn the stated yield or to avoid a monthly maintenance
fee. Applicable requirements and fees are described in your account agreement and fee schedule.

Wash Sale
A loss on the sale of a security is disallowed for tax purposes if a substantially identical security is
acquired within 30 days before or after the sale. The disallowed loss is added to the basis of the
replacement shares.

Settlement Date
The date a securities transaction is finalized and payment is due. Standard settlement for listed equities is
one business day after the trade date. Interest and income accrue based on settled positions.

Dividends and Distributions
A dividend is a distribution of a portion of an issuer's earnings. Qualified dividends may be taxed at
long-term capital gain rates; ordinary dividends and short-term capital gain distributions are taxed as
ordinary income.

How We Calculate Your Interest Charge
We figure the interest charge on your account by applying the monthly periodic rate to the Balance
Subject to Interest Rate shown in the Interest Charge Calculation section. The monthly periodic rate for
purchases is 2.0825%, which is the annual percentage rate of 24.99% divided by 12. The Balance Subject
to Interest Rate is the balance on which interest was assessed for the billing period; new purchases are
not charged interest when the previous balance was paid in full by the due date.

Early Distribution Tax
Distributions before age 59½ may be subject to ordinary income tax and an additional 10% federal penalty
tax unless an exception applies. A direct rollover to an eligible retirement plan or IRA avoids current
taxation.

Plan Loans
If permitted, plan loans are limited to the lesser of 50% of the vested balance or the statutory maximum,
must be repaid over a stated term, and are subject to origination and maintenance fees described in the
fee schedule.

Can they use their non take home pay to pay the loan?
Like they earn 360k while only have 231k in hand
So the 100k? Can they use that?

when did they said they have 10k per month surplus

why dont pay 40 + 10 k at same time

res 1 res 2 thought 10k was per month
how is Monthly margin: +$1,428.82 (very comfortable) in res 3?
